something that I did they got a lot of press and actually made it back
into my even my hometown newspaper was when I was marine mammal when
I was a marine mammal handler we were deployed to Bahrain using the
dolphins there the U. S. so you know they come in with celebrities
all the time do visits on bass and somehow they got wind that there
were navy dolphins there in the area that we're trained to find enemy
swimmers and divers and so they ended up setting up a meet and greet
with some of the people that they brought through from the US so
so one of those individuals happened to be Ben Affleck we came down
and I basically showed him the dolphins that we worked with I let him
you know throw some fish to the dolphins and actually do a couple
of tricks and there's a picture that was taken of Ben Affleck kinda
kneeling down next to me is I'm handling this dolphin in front of them
and that got kind of distributed out to the Associated Press and
was then like kind of published worldwide on many newspapers from California
all the way to Florida to the where you know even my hometown
newspaper in Saint Pete had it there on one of the pages San Diego
had it there was other places that was getting phone calls from friends
and family around the country that was like Hey I saw you in
our paper here so that was kind of a fun unique experience and I ended
up saving like a clip of that paper and I still have it somewhere
in a in a file or folder but yeah that was kind of a neat experience